obviously deepseek can't do anything that is related to sexual banter and stuffs with huge insult even if its just for fun.
but it was pretty good at reasoning and putting conversations into blocks 

geminin doesnt group thing very well it was kinda dumb maybe cuz i am using the free version, but it processed everything properly.

add success level as a metadata to the data stored in the vector db.

commentary should be optional to only text. would be hard to implement in voice mode.
except if an other voice does the commentary

next thing to do is to complete the test, currently we have some function for scenario but we need to add
chat and assessment to it as well.

perfect assessment page and allow user to share their results.

setup the pipeline and get all the data i need to increase my vector db. 

fine a way to give weights to each parameters:
- the roast level(25%)
- the personality(15%)
- the retrieved examples (10%)
- the conversation history and current input (25%)
- the scenario(25%)


despite using this the personality of gemini still overpowers what the data we're passing, so the next step is to finetune our own model.

Paper i got inspired from:
MELD

Even if we finetune our own model our data ingestion pipeline is still lacking. 
 we provide information about the general context accross chunk but we need to add more context
 we need to add context on tonality (and visual cues of the user) more accurately

 another issue is, utterances like “yeah”, “okay”, “no” can express varied emotions depending on 
 the context and discourse of the dialogue.

Look at the equivalent of emotionLines but for audio.

To simplify things, use these emotion tags along with sentiment for each utterance of a speaker 
    Ekman’s six universal emotions (Joy, Sadness, Fear, Anger, Surprise, and Disgust)

what is "Fleiss’ kappa score "?

given that we have the transcript and audio for movies, we can use :
In order to find the accurate timestamp for each utterance, we
are going to use a transcription alignment tool called Gentle. will look into it
http://github.com/lowerquality/gentle

"
We have also converted these fine-grained
emotion labels into more coarse-grained sentiment
classes by considering anger, disgust, fear, sadness
as negative, joy as positive, and neutral as neutral
sentiment-bearing class. Surprise is an example of
a complex emotion which can be expressed with
both positive and negative sentiment.
"
~ MELD paper

In the MELD paper, dialogue basically represent a chunk here, so a conversation.
utterance are basically lines for us. 

i dont really understand the experiment section.
Probably because i dont understand the feature technique that they used. 
i should look that up


question regarding the meld dataset and their use of friend's. 
i understand that the main characters appear more often and therefor should be 
prioritized in chats but does that mean they reduced all other characters utterance
to a single persona, other? or is other used in the paper just for description purposes

From what i could get the paper is fire.

to do asap:
 -  add emotion tags along with sentiment for each lines of a speaker 
    Ekman’s six universal emotions (Joy, Sadness, Fear, Anger, Surprise, and Disgust)

 -  we can look into classifiers that analyze voices but we will have to double check the first 10
 -  the problem is that the classifier probably can't assign emotion tags for every line eventhough
    it is primordial



Making LLMs even more accessible with bitsandbytes, 4-bit quantization and QLoRA article

what is a 4-bit quantization? what is bit precision in terms of running a model?
what is LoRA? in depth. 

bro, i had a whole semester about mantissa and stuff and i barely paid attention, 😭 pain.

"It has
been empirically proven that the E4M3 is best suited for the forward pass, and the
E5M2 is best suited for the backward computation"

what do we refer to when we say forward pass ? and backward computation?
in a supervised learning scenario, forward pass would be passing the input provided 
through the model and produce an output.

Back comp is mostlikely back-propagation, using the value after cross-entropy to identify
which parameters should be "tweaked" to get closer to the expected output

Backpropagation identifies the culprit and optimization administer the punishment.


i just cancelled my cursor subscription and i tried to apply the change of vectordb from
chromadb to qdrant, i made the changes in the vector clases and asked cursor to 
propagate the changes in the code and bro was hallucinating hard 😂. had to 
do all the work myself.


llms are really amazing man, if you have a problem now it just spits out what you are supposed to do or who you should 
contact to get the problem solved.

this is a net plus for society. i've been using tools i didn't even know existed for problems i've been facing for a while

LIFE IS GOOD!!!!!
